#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="http://directostv.teleame.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/TeleAmazonas-en-vivo-Online.png"group-title="ECUADOR",TeleAmazonasHD
http://vps-c97214f4.vps.ovh.net/hls/ecutv1.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Ecuavisa_Logo_2019.png"group-title="ECUADOR",EcuavisaHD_DannBryan
http://vps-c97214f4.vps.ovh.net/hls/ecutv2.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1,  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/Rts_logo.png"group-title="ECUADOR",RTS_DannBryan
http://vps-c97214f4.vps.ovh.net/hls/ecutv4.m3u8

#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Oromar_logo.png"group-title="ECUADOR",OromarTv_DannBryan
http://vps-c97214f4.vps.ovh.net/hls/ecutv3.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/900/439/png-transparent-television-channel-gol-tv-cnt-sports-zee-tv-logo-television-logo-logo-vector-thumbnail.png"group-title="ECUADOR",GolTV_DannBryan
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/27.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo = "https://logodownload.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/tnt-sports-logo.png" group-title = "ECUADOR",TNTSport_DannBryan
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/99.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo = "https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6Oa0t8_uPAE/XLAGVuIJkjI/AAAAAAAAGcA/Xbd5aGFDUgklc3ajYYP4WVDu1HaZ7Sy1gCLcBGAs/s1600/Imagen-programa-S%25C3%25BAper-Campeones.png" group-title = "24/7 DANN_BRYAN",SuperCampeones_DannBryan 
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/419.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://tusbuenasnoticias.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/portada-El-Chavo-del-Ocho-1.jpg"group-title="24/7 DANN_BRYAN",Elchavo_DannBryan  
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/39.m3u8


#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://toppng.com//public/uploads/preview/chavo-del-8-logo-vector-free-11574142907vvlv1hipav.png"group-title="24/7 DANN_BRYAN",El chavo Animado_DannBryan 
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/418.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://larepublica.pe/resizer/TzNs84S15ipOVn6uwNCw-S26kns=/1250x735/top/smart/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gruporepublica/O4E6DOE2FRHQ5KD6RM2M6BDNMA.jpg"group-title="24/7 DANN_BRYAN",La Rosa de Guadalupe_DannBryan  
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/63.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5d/FX-logo.svg/1200px-FX-logo.svg.png"group-title="CINEMA",FX_DannBryan 
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/414.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/LogoNTyLR.svg/1200px-LogoNTyLR.svg.png"group-title="Internacional_DannBryan",RCNHD_DannBryan
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/69.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/AMC_logo_2016.png"group-title="CINEMA",AMC_DannBryan
http://alv.encohd.co:39591/live/JJ831/Xrv3422/101.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : CINEMAX" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : CINEMAX
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO Plus" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO Plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO Signature" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO Signature
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Showtime" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Showtime
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Starz Encore" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Starz Encore
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Starz" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Starz
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Fox Premium Cinema" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Fox Premium Cinema
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/335
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery Channel
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/336
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery Home and Health" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery Home and Health
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery Kids" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery Kids
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/338
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery Turbo" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery Turbo
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery World" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery World
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Fox Premium Action" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Fox Premium Action
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Fox Premium Cinema" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Fox Premium Cinema
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Golden Premier" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Golden Premier
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO plus" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO Xtreme" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO Xtreme
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : History Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : History Channel
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : BABY TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : BABY TV
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : BEIN SPORTS Ã‘" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : BEIN SPORTS Ã‘
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : BOOMERANG" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : BOOMERANG
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : CNN ESPAÃ‘OL" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : CNN ESPAÃ‘OL
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : DIRECTV SPORT 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : DIRECTV SPORT 2
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : DISCOVERY CIVILIZATION" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : DISCOVERY CIVILIZATION
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : DISCOVERY SCIENCE" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : DISCOVERY SCIENCE
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : EL GOURMET" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : EL GOURMET
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/354
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : ESPN DEPORTES" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : ESPN DEPORTES
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FORO TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FORO TV
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX DEPORTES" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX DEPORTES
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX SPORTS 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX SPORTS 1
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX SPORTS 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX SPORTS 2
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX SPORTS 3" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX SPORTS 3
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO 2
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : HBO XTREME" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : HBO XTREME
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX :  HBO POP" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX :  HBO POP
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : NICK 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : NICK 2
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : NICK TOONS" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : NICK TOONS
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : NICKELODEON" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : NICKELODEON
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : PASIONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : PASIONES
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : SPACE" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : SPACE
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : STARZ COMEDY" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : STARZ COMEDY
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : TBS" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : TBS
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : NAT GEO WILD" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : NAT GEO WILD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Galavision" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Galavision
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : BANDAMAX" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : BANDAMAX
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : TYC sports" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : TYC sports
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : TOONCAST" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : TOONCAST
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/376
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : GOL TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : GOL TV
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/377
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Golden Plus" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Golden Plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Golden Edge" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Golden Edge
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: HBO" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: HBO
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: HBO FAMILY" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: HBO FAMILY
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX PREMIUM ACTION" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX PREMIUM ACTION
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX PREMIUM SERIES" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX PREMIUM SERIES
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Fox premiun movies" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Fox premiun movies
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : FOX PREMIUM FAMILY" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : FOX PREMIUM FAMILY
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Fox premiun comedy" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Fox premiun comedy
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Golden plus" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Golden plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Golden premier" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Golden premier
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Las estrellas" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Las estrellas
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX : Discovery Science" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX : Discovery Science
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLH94949494949494949491jhjhjhjhhkhkhk9FJKS656565656565656515151515151515151HDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKS/390
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Az Click" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Az Click
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Film & Arts" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Film & Arts
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: ADN40" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: ADN40
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Fox Sports 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Fox Sports 1
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Paramount Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Paramount Channel
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Fox Sports 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Fox Sports 2
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Fox Sports 3" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Fox Sports 3
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: CNN International" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: CNN International
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: CNN en EspaÃ±a" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: CNN en EspaÃ±a
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Baby TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Baby TV
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Sony Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Sony Channel
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Warner" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Warner
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Azteca 7" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Azteca 7
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MX: Studio Universal" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO MRZUTV.NET",MX: Studio Universal
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net: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
